README.md, before:

# Survey Express Client
Survey Express lets you create, update, view and delete a survey. User can
sign-up/sign-in. On sign-in user can create a survey, view the surveys that
were created previously, update and delete the surveys. User can respond to any
survey not taken in the past.

## Technologies
  HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScipt, jQuery, Ajax, MongoDB, Mongoose

## Project Links
1. [Client Deployed Site](https://wdi-30-team-4.github.io/survey-express-client/)

2. [Client Repository](https://github.com/wdi-30-team-4/survey-express-client)

3. [API Deployed Site](https://polar-woodland-60280.herokuapp.com/)

4. [API Repository](https://github.com/wdi-30-team-4/survey-express-api)

## Wire Frames
![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/4FjuJoq.jpg)

## Planning and Execution
  We started with designing wireframes and ERD.
  Meet in the morning and do a standup everyday. Prioritize and assign tasks.
  Two people worked on front-end and two on back-end.
  Took turns and swtiched groups to make sure all 4 work on both front and back end.
  Write User Stories for the MVP.
  Test with curl-scripts for each user story.
  Build front-end and test crud operations.
  Add styling to the front-end.
  Deploy to GitHub and Heroku.

## Reach Goal
  Let user create a survey with more than two options.
  Make a real-time dashboard.

Commit message:

Add user stories and expand on problem solving/unsolved probs
Add user stories to the README and expand on/make the problem solving
strategy & unsolved problems sections more explicit

README.md, after:

# Survey Express Client
Survey Express lets you create, update, view and delete a survey. User can
sign-up/sign-in. On sign-in user can create a survey, view the surveys that
were created previously, update and delete the surveys. User can respond to any
survey not taken in the past.

## Technologies
  HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScipt, jQuery, Ajax, MongoDB, Mongoose

## Project Links
1. [Client Deployed Site](https://wdi-30-team-4.github.io/survey-express-client/)

2. [Client Repository](https://github.com/wdi-30-team-4/survey-express-client)

3. [API Deployed Site](https://polar-woodland-60280.herokuapp.com/)

4. [API Repository](https://github.com/wdi-30-team-4/survey-express-api)

## Wire Frames
![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/4FjuJoq.jpg)

## User Stories
- As an unregistered user, I would like to sign up with email and password.
- As a registered user, I would like to sign in with email and password.
- As a signed in user, I would like to change password.
- As a signed in user, I would like to sign out.
- As a signed in user, I would like to create a survey with a title and possible answers.
- As a signed in user, I would like to update my survey's title and possible answers of a survey.
- As a signed in user, I would like to delete my survey.
- As a signed in user, I would like to see all surveys and its answers.
- As a signed in user, I would like to take a survey.

## Planning, Process, and Execution
  We started with designing wireframes and ERD.
  Meet in the morning and do a standup everyday. Prioritize and assign tasks.
  Two people worked on front-end and two on back-end.
  Took turns and swtiched groups to make sure all 4 work on both front and back end.
  Write User Stories for the MVP.
  Test with curl-scripts for each user story.
  Build front-end and test crud operations.
  Add styling to the front-end.
  Deploy to GitHub and Heroku.

## Problem solving strategy
  Our problem solving strategy was that if any one team member was stuck on one problem for
  more than an hour we would all come together as a group to brainstorm possible solutions.
  We found that having fresh eyes on a problem would often lead to new insights and ideas
  that made solving it much easier.

## Reach Goals & Unsolved Problems
  - Let user create a survey with more than two options
  - Make a real-time dashboard
  - Make custom page routes so users can share links to their surveys
